[Music]
this will be the final word
in the story of Skywalker
[Music]
starwars the rise of Skywalker get
tickets now operation Abilene was one of
the bloodiest battles of the Vietnam War
the entire company nearly wiped out
right from miracle his name is pitch it
save lives we put him up for the Medal
of Honor they never got the medal
justice delayed is justice denied the
Medal of Honor is the highest
recognition of military valor there is
you prepare a full decorations review
mr. Fitz and Barger sir
I've run the Department of Defense I'm
here to learn about your son if you want
a real story you'll need to talk to the
mud soldiers I never seen those men like
that
mr. bunker comes down that why I say
he's mad he never even knew sounds like
a suicide mission
suicide is hopeless put some Barbara
death
kept telling him to get out but you
wouldn't go it was there to save lives
and that's what he was doing
why you here because you're here now I
shouldn't even have been there don't
know for sure what are you saying that's
friendly fire
we're fighting our own men after-action
report is missing we even thought of
operation out later in the first place
it's not a can of worms you want open
why not information was removed from the
original review get an idea of your
starting I have never seen you back off
of anything usually we're judged by what
we do but what we don't do is what
haunts us I'm gonna go public with the
story sounds a little dangerous but only
great television getting a medal for
Pitts for the men I lost might be the
only decent thing I call out of that war
puts Marta's father it's done dying
isn't harder than losing a child do what
you can
guys like pittsenbarger to what they do
for each other life
I need to finish this
compressed masses young man and show us
that the sacrifices of the fallen will
never be forgotten
[Music]
you're not now you go out there and show
the world I have myself an indentured
servant that Kelly is his name you make
a name for yourself used to teach
tequila men nothing comes free this
words be who you are meant to be going
on the man you pretend to be you're a
boy
in current captain to tell more today
sure we're rebels employers and you
aware dresses
nothing scares a man like crazy
[Music]
because wanna build an army
your body bulletproof boat
are you Dave here money
don't not now
tell Ella mustn't leave us thought of
man cannot change the past nor outrun
his destiny you're not no you're my
little man I'm called the coldest murder
on record but others knowing the truth
[Music]
I arrived at epsilon T State Hospital
summer of 1959 I left teaching to begin
an ambitious study of delusional
patients I would really like to help you
Joseph he's addressed me as my proper
name Jesus Christ the righteous one and
I have three patients who believe their
Jesus Christ there can be but only one
side of that that's my point
dress me by my righteous name God - you
put the three of them in a room study
their behavior where they will have
clothes
the reason I'm having these meetings
that can only be one Jesus only one God
one God to rewrite X I'm shaking off all
of your negativity and all of your
squelches all of your squelching we do
not have forth follow that God's in
Great Britain they're our Father send a
boy to do a man's job
knock it off
Allen please be careful
is it possible to really understand
someone else's delusion there are limits
you can't exceed
it's brave and important what you're
doing you decide if the gains outweigh
the obvious risks
gentlemen I want one of you to lead each
of the meetings I think we should have a
vote I nominate Joseph Daul favor
[Music]
unanimous why do you want to work with
paranoid schizophrenics
because the saloon by the grace of Jesus
Christ you're safe companionship joy
hope will I be able to offer these men
that means to find themselves
I saw Jane two weeks ago at the rodeo
look at me do I look like a Korean we
may love our country who you want
something better for ourselves I'm gonna
be a rodeo queen this year I'm gonna win
that crown I think something might have
happened Ajay give me a call all right
about you
J she has long brown hair her back door
was open
she's not a runaway no she's she's
missing do you know this woman you best
stop looking for your friend she's the
table if I see this girl hi Sara she's
still missing
have you seen G avaricum Jane when she
was gone strong like I say a bit of
Mines
I saw you up I got something that will
help you find Jane
[Music]
we lost aren't you there are two types
of people in this world those who are
lost and powerless Katie and those who
have found their place
you can be part of something the
American Dream has been tasted
the American Dream has been taken away
from me Volstead good wait fingers just
it's amazing found two in here in town
somewhere
it looks proper dead do you remember
what happened to you
[Music]
[Applause]
I need to report the missing of my dear
wife and baby this ain't Judy and the
baby
so Mac the foul play is perform I'm
[Applause]
trying to convince the town to trust me
with their grievances rather than take
the law into their own hands don't
matter what you see no matter what
actually happen you wind up dead
I have to go back they both thought the
devil's look about the clearest day
[Music]
[Applause]
see some folk are getting squeamish stop
stoning women all that nonsense
[Music]
something is very wrong with this town
morning puppet lady ladies go over a
problem stayin awake
[Applause]
you